The American poet Walt Whitman spoke publicly many times on Abraham Lincoln, the 16th president of the United States. A series of at least eleven lectures on Lincoln's life and his assassination began in Steck Hall in New York City on April 14, 1879, and concluded in Philadelphia on April 14, 1890, two years before Whitman's death. They were generally well received, and cemented the poet's public image as an authority on Lincoln. Whitman greatly admired Lincoln and was moved by his assassination in 1865 to write several poems honoring him, including "O Captain! My Captain!", which Whitman recited during some of the talks. The lecture in 1887 at Madison Square Theatre in New York City is considered the most successful of the series, and was attended by many prominent members of American society. Whitman later described its reception as "the culminating hour" of his life. (This article is part of a featured topic: Walt Whitman and Abraham Lincoln.)
One of the Boys is an American sitcom created by Blake Hunter and Martin Cohan that aired six episodes on NBC from April 15 to May 20, 1989. It is one of only a few American primetime programs that decade to star a Latin American woman—María Conchita Alonso (pictured). She featured as Maria Conchita Navarro, a Venezuelan immigrant to the United States who begins working in the office of a small construction company and marries its widowed owner, Mike Lukowski (Robert Clohessy). Five production companies oversaw filming at Sunset Gower Studios in Hollywood, where delays prevented critics from watching a preview in advance of the premiere. Reviews referred to the concept as ordinary and a repeat of themes from other television shows at that time. Alonso's acting was mostly praised by critics. The mid-season replacement received inconsistent Nielsen ratings and was not renewed for a second season by NBC. (Full article...)
.. that British physician Georgiana Bonser (pictured) investigated whether chemicals used in the dyeing industry caused bladder cancer?
... that Nigeria's Muslim–Muslim ticket challenges the norm of religious balance in politics?
... that John Mulaney would change the Saturday Night Live character Stefon's lines before airing in order to make Bill Hader break character?
... that Palauan English only started emerging in 1962?
... that a Brazilian priest died while attempting to break the cluster-ballooning world record, in order to fund a spiritual rest-stop for truckers?
... that after years of development, the British thin-wing Javelin interceptor aircraft was cancelled in favour of purchasing the Canadian Avro Arrow?
... that the Jewish community of Dubrovnik grew due to the expulsions of Jews and Marranos from the Iberian peninsula?
... that alongside a 7th-century BC Phoenician shipwreck, two additional wrecks from various historical periods were unearthed in Bajo de la Campana, situated off the coast of Cartagena, Spain?
... that horses were responsible for delaying the deciding match of the Barcelona women's football team's 1973 winning season?